---
title: quiz1
date: 2017-03-11 10:08 UTC
tags:
---

## Past Progressive v.s. Simple Past

1. I (call) `called` Roger at nine last night, but he (be, not) `was not` at home. He (study) 'was studying' at the library.

2. My brother and sister (argue) `were arguing` about something when I (walk) `walked` into the room.

3. While Mrs. Emerson (read) `was reading` the little boy a stroy, he (fall) `fell` asleep, so she (close) `closed` the book and quietly (sneak) `sneaked` out of the room.

4. I got a package in the mail. When I (open) `opened` it, I (find) `found` a surprise.

5. A: (you, hear) `Did you hear` what the teacher just said?
   B: No, I (listen, not) `wasn't listening`. I (think) `was thinking` about something else.

>  - I wasn't listening when teacher said.  
>  - I was thinking about something else when teacher said.  
>  - While i was thinking about something else, teacher said.  
>  - While i wasn't listening, teacher said.  
  

## Present Perfect vs Present Perfect Progressive

Compelete the sentences. Use the verb in italics in the first sentence of each item to complete the remaining sentence(s). Use the present perfect or the present perfect progressive. In some sentences, either verb form is correct.

1. _I'm trying_ to study. I `have been trying` to study **for** the last hour, but something always seems to interrupt me. I think I'd better go to the library.

2. Joe _has_ an old bicycle. He `has had` the same bicycle **for** twenty years.

3. Matt _works_ at the ABC Company. He `has worked | has been working` there **since** 2005. 

4. Toshi _is waiting_ for his friend. He `has been waiting` for her **since** five o'clock. She's late for their date.

5. I _like_ cowboy movies. I `have liked` cowboy movies ever **since** I was a child.
